# Ocarina-of-Time-3D-No-Music-Mod
This mod contains the files needed to mute the background music in The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D. It is 100% compatible with the Randomizer, as well as all different versions and regions of Ocarina of Time 3D, and it does not require patching a rom file. It is advised to have both a USA and an EUR version of OOT3D on your 3DS console, so that one can be used for Vanilla and the other can be used for the Randomizer.

To install this mod on a 3DS console, put romfs folder into /luma/titles/0004000000033500. To install this mod on the Citra emulator, put the romfs folder into user\load\mods\0004000000033500. (Note that the 0004000000033500 folder mentioned in the above example is for the USA 1.0 version of the game, so be sure to put both .bcsar files into the correct folder for your version of OOT3D.)

Mod Description:

This mod mutes ALL of the BGM. As was the case with the Majora’s Mask 3D - No Music mod, jingles such as the ones that play when you get an item, get a heart piece or container, beat a race (as an indicator that the race has been completed), and the playback for ocarina songs have not been muted, in order to maintain the character of the game. Zelda’s Lullaby, which is played by Zelda on the Ocarina of Time during the ending of the game, will play like normal. Wind background noises in dungeons such as the Fire Temple, Ice Cavern, Shadow Temple/Bottom of the Well, and Inside Ganon’s Castle have been kept, as have the gurgling belly sounds of Jabu Jabu’s Belly. Dodongo’s Cavern, Death Mountain Crater, and the Gerudo Training Ground “music” have also been kept, as they share the same “music” track, which is just background noise anyway. Ganon’s Tower music has also been kept, because muting this would result in Ganon playing a silent pipe organ (piano) during the entire time that he held Zelda captive, which would look ridiculous.

The OOT3D Randomizer has its own built-in feature to turn off the background music, however, it doesn’t keep any wind background noises nor the stomach gurgling sounds of the above mentioned dungeons. If you choose to use this mod together with the randomizer, please note that selecting "Off" for the “Play Music” option in the select menu will also turn off these noises. Also, the Randomizer alone doesn’t mute the BGM of the title screen nor the file select screen, but this mod mutes both of those tracks.

This mod is the best mute music option for Ocarina of Time, period. This includes the options that are available in any of the randomizers (N64, 3DS, or Ship of Harkinian), any cheat codes, and any others that may be available for OOT or OOT3D.
